---
layout: default
title: Session
nav_exclude: true
---

# Creative Coding I

Jonathan Ho \| jonathan.g.ho@filmuniversitaet.de
Prof. Dr. Lena Gieseke \| l.gieseke@filmuniversitaet.de \| Film University Babelsberg KONRAD WOLF

# Session 04 - Asynchronism / Space Again (15 points)


## JavaScript Functions & Asynchronism

### Task 04.02 - Coding Practices

Reflect on your usage of resources and Machine Learning tools for coding.

- What have you used and how has it served you?
usage of resources:

I used Chat GPT and the website of Three.js.

- Do you actually understand the code an ML tool has given to you (in case you have used any)?

I understood it after rereading a lot and asking back about why it's used in that context. And sometimes it helped a lot also with importing e.g. the GSAP loader or these things, that I didnt know before and what they were good for.But now I know more and might think immediatly about integrating them next time.

- Would you be able to re-create it without any help?

with less help I would be able to recreate it. But I would of course still need some help.

- How do you want to proceed?

For the last final project ( I want to say at this note that I won't be able to submit it before the Hard deadline on February 28th) I want to integrate sound in my scene and make a llittle interactive 3D environment, maybe with a little character thats moving around.


_Submission:_ Just a couple of bullet points are sufficient.

## Three.js

### Task 04.03 - Your Own Scene

### Video of my scene: https://owncloud.gwdg.de/index.php/s/7c3ezZhxCDpGsV9
### Scene Folder is called srccode04

## Learnings

Please summarize your personal learnings. What was challenging for you in this session? How did you challenge yourself?

- I learned again a lot about integrating 3D objects, pictures and texts and that it can be painful with textures, but I'm still in the beginning and I will try to learn it in the next weeks. Also how to integrate more buttons and create more asychron layers in my scene, make it even more interactive but try to stay performant as well.


---

**Happy Building!**
